I mean they help me get back and forth to school
My family has been helping me with my studying and helping me with my work.
They increase my learning, they make sure I have what I need for school and to make sure my grades and learning up to part. 
They help me with anything I need
Nothing support me
Good things as I’m like help me with work
They have helped me out and talk to me about it 
Nothing tbh.
College programs
Helping me with hard work and Guiding me
My mom helps me understand problems that I need help with
Talk with me cooper
I don’t not attend any groups that tend to learning and my family doesn’t help with my education 
My mom always tells reminds me or tells me to do my work. She stay trying to motivate me and push me to grind for success.
My family hasn’t done anything different to participate in my learning 
Push me more to do my work 
Having an advocate in my life help me navigate the barriers when communicating to my parents in places I need help. Doing this has help my parents be more engage with my success. 
They have helped me with my learning a lot 
I haven’t told my family about the program so that’s my fault.
My mom has pushed me to be more focused in my school work
They drop me off at school they ask me how my day was when I’m mad they leave me be until I feel better 
My families involvement has always been amazing so nothing has changed. My family has just continued to be on top of my grades.
Reading and writing 
Nothing
By setting a time for me to get of my game to go to sleep 
They don’t know about this
Help me with math well my dad helped me
it’s been the same 
Noting really
Got me a tutor
We don’t talk about my academics 
They let me learn
My family have been helping alot.
I can’t attend after school programs
They help find programs that fit my interests and they help me with filling out forms for college.
explaining to teachers that i have hard time understanding different things 
I do most the work than I give info to family. 
We have done college tours, review financial packages together, why staying local is the best option 
We talked more about college as a whole.
They have gotten on me about things that are important and it has helped
It’s been the same cause I really don’t need help with a lot of things but if I do my family will help if needed.
